Add docs for Now CLI project linking and framework detection (#1592)
zeit/docs: components/references-mdx/now-cli/commands/now.mdx

<Snippet dark text="now [path-to-project]" />
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command and supplying a path to the root directory of the project.</Caption>

### Project Linking

> When you're running `now` for the first time, Now CLI needs to know which scope and project you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are running `now` for the first time, [Now CLI](/download) needs to know which [scope](/docs/now-cli#options/global-options/scope) and [Project](/docs/v2/platform/projects) you
```

want to deploy your directory to. You can chose either to link to an existing project or to create a new one.

<Snippet clipboard={false} dark text={`now
? Set up and deploy “[path-to-project]”? [Y/n] y
? Which scope do you want to deploy to? My Awesome Team
? Link to existing project? [y/N] y
? What’s the name of your existing project? my-lovely-project
🔗 Linked to awesome-team/my-lovely-project (created .now and added it to .gitignore)`} />

> <Caption>You can link to an existing project when you're running <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> in a new directory.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Linking an existing project when running <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> in a new directory.</Caption>
```

Once set up, a new `.now` folder will be added to your directory. The `.now` folder contains
the organization id and project id of your project. If you want unlink your directory, you can remove the `.now` folder.

Alternatively, you can also use environment variables to specify a target project.

> In that case, the `.now` folder won't be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the `.now` folder will not be created.
```

<Snippet dark text="NOW_ORG_ID=<org id> NOW_PROJECT_ID=<project id> now" />

> <Caption>Using the <InlineCode>NOW_ORG_ID</InlineCode> and <InlineCode>NOW_PROJECT_ID</InlineCode> environment variables can be useful when you want to run <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> programmatically, for example in a continuous integration system.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>NOW_ORG_ID</InlineCode> and <InlineCode>NOW_PROJECT_ID</InlineCode> environment variables.</Caption>

Both the `NOW_ORG_ID` and `NOW_PROJECT_ID` environment variables can be useful when you want to run `now` programmatically, for example in a continuous integration system.
```

The caption should describe what is happening in the snippet but not provide additional information.

Author: ```suggestion
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>NOW_ORG_ID</InlineCode> and <InlineCode>NOW_PROJECT_ID</InlineCode> environment variables.</Caption>

Using `NOW_ORG_ID` and `NOW_PROJECT_ID` environment variables can be useful when you want to run `now` programmatically, for example in a continuous integration system.
```

Reviewer: That's good 👍

### Framework Detection

When you create a new project, Now CLI will automatically detect the framework you are using and offer

> reasonable default project settings accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 default project settings accordingly.
```

<Snippet clipboard={false} dark text={`now
? Set up and deploy “[path-to-project]”? [Y/n] y
? Which scope do you want to deploy to? My Awesome Team
? Link to existing project? [y/N] n
? What’s your project’s name? my-new-project
Auto-detected project settings (Next.js):
- Build Command: \`next build\` or \`build\` from \`package.json\`
- Output Directory: Next.js default
- Development Command: next dev --port $PORT
? Want to override the settings? [y/N]`} />

> <Caption>When creating a new project with <InlineCode>now</InlineCode>, you will be prompted with default <i>Build Command</i>, <i>Output Directory</i> and <i>Development Command</i>.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Creating a new project with the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode>, command.</Caption>

When creating a new project, you will be provided with default **Build Command**, **Output Directory**, and **Development Command** options.</Caption>
```

Author: ```suggestion
<Caption>Creating a new project with the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command.</Caption>

When creating a new project, you will be provided with default **Build Command**, **Output Directory**, and **Development Command** options.</Caption>
```

<Snippet dark text="now [path-to-project]" />
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command and supplying a path to the root directory of the project.</Caption>

### Project Linking

> When you are running `now` for the first time, [Now CLI](/download) needs to know which [scope](/docs/now-cli#options/global-options/scope) and [Project](/docs/v2/platform/projects) you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `now` in a directory for the first time, [Now CLI](/download) needs to know which [scope](/docs/now-cli#options/global-options/scope) and [Project](/docs/v2/platform/projects) you
```

Is this assumption correct? If you run `now` in the directory a second time, there'll be no need to supply the options.

> want to deploy your directory to. You can chose either to link to an existing project or to create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to deploy your directory to. You can choose either to link to an existing project or to create a new one.
```

<Snippet clipboard={false} dark text={`now
? Set up and deploy “[path-to-project]”? [Y/n] y
? Which scope do you want to deploy to? My Awesome Team
? Link to existing project? [y/N] y
? What’s the name of your existing project? my-lovely-project
🔗 Linked to awesome-team/my-lovely-project (created .now and added it to .gitignore)`} />
<Caption>Linking an existing project when running <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> in a new directory.</Caption>

Once set up, a new `.now` folder will be added to your directory. The `.now` folder contains

> the organization id and project id of your project. If you want unlink your directory, you can remove the `.now` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both the organization and project `id` of your project. If you want unlink your directory, you can remove the `.now` folder.
```

<Snippet dark text="now [path-to-project]" />
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command and supplying a path to the root directory of the project.</Caption>

### Project Linking

When running `now` in a directory for the first time, [Now CLI](/download) needs to know which [scope](/docs/now-cli#options/global-options/scope) and [Project](/docs/v2/platform/projects) you

> want to deploy your directory to. You can choose either to link to an existing project or to create a new one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
want to deploy your directory to. You can choose to either link an existing project or to create a new one.
```

I have no idea which way is correct but this is how I would say it 🤓

<Note>
  Project linking requires at least version 17 of{' '}
  <Link href="/download">Now CLI</Link>. If you have an earlier version, please{' '}
  <Link href="/guides/updating-now-cli">update</Link> to the latest version.
</Note>

<br />

<Snippet clipboard={false} dark text={`now
? Set up and deploy “~/web/my-lovely-project”? [Y/n] y
? Which scope do you want to deploy to? My Awesome Team
? Link to existing project? [y/N] y
? What’s the name of your existing project? my-lovely-project
🔗 Linked to awesome-team/my-lovely-project (created .now and added it to .gitignore)`} />
<Caption>Linking an existing project when running <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> in a new directory.</Caption>

> Once set up, a new `.now` folder will be added to your directory. The `.now` folder contains

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once set up, a new `.now` directory will be added to your directory. The `.now` directory contains
```
I'm not sure if we want to use folder or directory but most technical docs I see use directory.

> both the organization and project `id` of your project. If you want unlink your directory, you can remove the `.now` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
both the organization and project `id` of your project. If you want unlink your directory, you can remove the `.now` directory.
```

Alternatively, you can also use environment variables to specify a target project.

> In this case, the `.now` folder will not be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, the `.now` directory will not be created.
```

<Snippet dark text="NOW_ORG_ID=<org id> NOW_PROJECT_ID=<project id> now" />
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>NOW_ORG_ID</InlineCode> and <InlineCode>NOW_PROJECT_ID</InlineCode> environment variables.</Caption>

> Using `NOW_ORG_ID` and `NOW_PROJECT_ID` environment variables can be useful when you want to run `now` programmatically, for example in a continuous integration system.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove these env vars and link to the `--confirm` section below.

<Snippet dark text="now --build-env [key1=value1 key2=value2 key3=value3]" />
<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>now</InlineCode> command with the <InlineCode>--build-env</InlineCode> option.</Caption>

#### Confirm

The `--confirm` option can be used to skip questions you are asked when setting up a new project.

> The questions will be answered with reasonable defaults inferred from `now.json` and the folder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The questions will be answered with the provided defaults, inferred from `now.json`, and the folder name.
```

Author: You're changing the meaning of the sentence.

Maybe like this?
```suggestion
The questions will be answered with the provided defaults, inferred from `now.json` and the folder name.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good!
